# Authentication-Protocol-for-Personal-Healthcare-System

Personal healthcare system is a form of transformation of information management to support health services. The transformation can be carried out by using wireless medical sensor networks to support patient health monitoring. Based on Peraturan Menteri Kesehatan No. 269 tahun 2008, health information may only be accessed by authorized parties. One of the security that can be implemented is authentication protocol. In authentication protocol of Personal Healthcare System, it has a vulnerability in the form of user forgery attack. This attack is carried out by the attacker by pretending to be an authorized doctor using the doctor’s identity to access the patient’s health information. If it happen, it will damage patient health monitoring. In this study, the author will implement a prototype design of a personal health care system using the wireless medical sensor network authentication protocol with PRESENT and SHA-256 algorithms. Devices used are Android smartphones as doctor’s smartphone, Raspberry Pi as gateway, NodeMCU and pulse sensors as sensor device for patient. The prototype was tested using system tests and user forgery attack tests. The test results show that Android smartphone, Raspberry Pi and NodeMCU takes 4.71 seconds, 2.76 seconds and 0.045 seconds to run authentication or log in process and have a successful log in rate by 73.33%. In addition, the authentication protocol can also be implemented well and resistant to user forgery attacks.
